Welcome Dear reader

I'm Antoine Derrail Crowder, the ghost writer for the Sovereign and Almighty Lord Emperor Yahweh, who is
the source. In 2006, I was 26 years old, and I had been home about a year and some change because of a
serious work-related chest injury in October of 2004. I was in motion and my hands prospered prior to me
getting injured. When I lifted a 5lb four pack of Breyers ice cream, I felt a break in my chest wall, and I
almost dropped the Breyers ice cream four pack. I knew my injury was serious and I knew I would never
recover from the injury. Thankfully, that ice cream was the last piece of food I had to put on my pallets, andI drove to the wrapping section, sealed the three pallets and then drove to the loader to put on the semitruck. Afterwards,
I took a 15-minute break. I rested, thought about what happened and I became very nervous because I
made my money by the means of my strength with physically demanding work. When my break ended, I
returned to work. I went to fulfill the next order; I was a selector for Atlas Cold Storage. I worked in a freezer
that was -20 degrees and in the meat section lifting 100lb cases of poultry. I went back to the freezer and
attempted to find out for sure if I was done because as I worked, pressure and immense pain radiated
throughout my whole body, and it felt like an elephant was standing on my chest. I continued to pick the
order in great pain. I finished it and as I drove out the freezer my supervise Ron Jewett was approaching. I
explained to him how I was seriously injured. He asked me something like “Is it a light injury or a Michael
Jordan injury?” something to that affect. I told him what I shared with you, what I was experiencing while
trying to continue working. I know for sure I injured my chest because I took a break and returned to work
after I RESTED, and I can't continue due to the pain. He took me to get a urine test and to the Manager so
he could get me the information that I needed for doctor. I went to emergency room, and they took x-rays
and prescribed me strong prescription pills and sent me home. The next night, I returned to work and my
supervisor asked me if I could work, I TOLD HIM NO! He put me on light duty which I did that for 2 months. I
suffered greatly from their company doctors. All I wanted to know was what was wrong with my chest and
what broke in there, but they never told me the truth. I didn't find out my true diagnosis until sometime in
2019; we left the Midwest in 2010 and moved to Washington state. The doctors in the small town of
Ephrata, WA told me about the muscles in my chest and how they are torn in half. Then everything made
sense. I understood everything then.
Now back to 2005, the last week in December of 2004, Dr. Cheng told me there's nothing else they can do. I
wanted to return back to work. My physical therapist at the time wrote up the report as I can't lift anything
over 10lbs or push at all among other things. I told him I couldn’t do my job anymore,
I'm hurt! He said if I write these restrictions no company will hire you. I said just tell the truth write the
restrictions. A few days later the guy who decides what job you are suited for while injured at Atlas Cold
Storage called me to his office and said give me your badge. I was like can't I just switch to another role,
and he said NO! and told me he was putting me on a leave for 6 months. Long story short, the doctors the
company personnel wanted me to lie for their money and further damage myself when they knew what the
injury was and there's no way I can do it! So, I went home and told my wife, and I began praying to my
Father. I said my words and sat down on our couch. I thought about how I was under a land contract with a
builder who just built our house 6 months earlier and how it was all going to be lost. Sometime had passed
by and I experience quite a lot of strange things that I had never witnessed before, such as whore law,
Idolatry, bearing false witness from every man I came into contact even lots of the women. Each one in his
own black hat enterprise caused intentional discomfort in those who purchased their counterfeit product
or service. None of them were branded by the Sovereign and Almighty Lord and Emperor Yahweh. The
attorneys, doctors, government and its agencies are all black hats who branded the creation of the
Sovereign Lord Yahweh with their imitation label brand as if they created anything. Excuse me, they create
black hat a simulated trend by any false enterprise posing as God is a poser! Therefore, the Most High
Yahweh is closing all your idolatry black hat enterprises in all her varieties, and they shall never prosper in
anything nor find rest; you shall be zombies......I do not want to be your leader that is the disconnect between Yahweh and you heathens. I don't want to
be your instructor because I reject you because you are a tare! I want you off the earth! So, we're not
coming at you with guns, swords or a bomb but our bare hands. We are going to send you before the
Sovereign and Almighty Lord and Emperor Yahweh to severely wound your chest. He is going to hurt you
immensely. You won't be able to speak to Yahweh, but you will be going before him crying you'll see. For
everyday you made your purpose to break my commandments; my laws which govern the whole universe!
You struck me each time you breached my laws. Therefore, am I incensed against you because you kept
striking me in my face! Now will I return that pain down your throat and you shall feel it sliding down your
throat canal, saith Yahweh! Here's my immortal's description: the members of my army are unfamiliar with
weapons, know very little about them, don't carry guns, you may have bought a bb gun for dogs and
threats, but you've never had to use it, it's in your safe. Your whole childhood was filled with you knocking
other kids out. No one taught you how to fight. You don't eat pork or any other unclean animals our Father
commanded us not to eat! You're always getting stuck and unable to accomplish your inner plans because
the Sovereign and Almighty Lord and Emperor Yahweh is preventing you and working through you. You
brothers are angels like me! Father's getting ready to richly bless you all. He's drawing up your release
papers now; that is why I'm notifying you because Yahweh is getting ready to kill and destroy, Heaven has
sounded the trumpet and Yahweh is coming with his glittering sword for all the wicked to slay them and
leave them dead! Listen Fam, our Father the Most High Yahweh showed me in a vision back in 2009 all of
those that robbed and led you away by chains. They shall be led away in chains to utter darkness. Listen,
they all still had their federal uniforms on, but they were in chains! The people who saw the strong ones of
America being led away in chains, in handcuffs and in their uniforms. The people were laughing because
they were confounded by Yahweh. They couldn't believe the men and women who always threaten their
lives were finally going to be judge! They rejoiced but their cheering and jeering made Yahweh angry, and
He consumed them because they were guilty too.
The judgement of our Father is 4-fold, and it hits you on all sides as He ensnares the wicked, you'll see. All
the Idols will fall and whore law and all her tenets which were of the Satan shall dry out and up. And the
little ones of my Father's creation shall scatter the branches in all the fires Yahweh command them to
throw in. Yea the innocent will never suffer for the wicked nor will any who turn aside find success in
anything you set your hands to do. Keep straight, don't turn to the right or the left. The path of the
Almighty requires labor. The man who cannot commit to fulfilling the pleasures of my Father is unfit to
participate or receive from my hands. I'm telling you now, those who refuse to work all day and all night
and sleep a little and rest on Friday and Saturday shall never receive a blessing for his work from Yahweh.
Days off are Friday and Saturday and those days you seek our Father for his direction on what he wants you
to do on your days off. Father must control you all day all night even on your days off. You need to catchup
on the epistles I sent to your emails and read what Father is saying. The recordings are lengthy and it's
going to take some time to get it online. I been recording Father's words since July 2006 while fasting,
praying and researching the roots of Hebrew and the development of English. You need the Jewish
Encyclopedia online and online etymology. You will also need the Hebrew concordance, and you'll
understand what's going on and why He's said this to these black hat organizations. Compare against the
five books Father gave Moshe and Aaron.
I want the records of George Washington and his army, and all the supporters and founders of America
investigated because I want all their descendants destroyed in every place in the earth. Go through everymember of America's black hat government and kill their descendants in every place in the earth. I want all
the former presidents who are still alive killed along with all their wives and descendants in every corner of
the earth. Check the archive records, go through it and find every member of the black hat army that killed
the aboriginals who I gave this land too, saith Yahweh. Now I want all the people who sailed to America
returned to where I gave them life at, saith Yahweh! I'm especially interested in the 1940s records of the
black hat army of America. I want the president, and all his members descendants killed because they
caused a calamity on my land like no man from the past has every committed. They dropped a nuclear
bomb on Japan and my people soul unified with the houses and commercial business I caused them to
build! I sent the Japs and Russians against you because of your wickedness, saith the Sovereign and
Almighty Lord and Emperor Yahweh no other. I'm commanding my armies against you, and you continue to
wrestle me like Jacob did. However, instead of breaking your hip socket, I determined your end Japheth!
Trump is not going to deliver you from my hands. I picked him, I didn't say to my son “Antoine Listen I want
you to tell Donald I'm about to promote him as leader of my flock!” The word never departed my lips. He
put his self-up there as a messiah, a savior, and a redeemer. Well let's see you get out this death notice,
saith the Sovereign and Almighty Lord and Emperor Yahweh no other. I saw you suffocate all exactly how
my boing constrictors do you'll see. I already set the thick serpents free.
For the ones who refused to put my children in their public schools but instead taught them about me
always through prayer and fasting know me. Therefore, shall I alone promote thee. You are my sons and
daughters. I brought you together and you fought every voice that stood against you therefore will I richly
bless you, saith Yahweh.
Now when YHWH showed me the vision of all federal employees and state workers in their uniforms being
led away in chains, I didn't find it funny. I was confused by it because I didn't know when it was going to
happen. He just showed me, and I was like man! In the laws Father gave me for us He said be carefully
joking around with my commandments no joking about them. Your cashflow is under distress because
you're being cheated by the black hat enterprise you're working for, so he keeps making you borrow money
from money exchangers. He's trying to get through to you how to invest. You can't build wealth working for
these black hat organizations! Now you of little faith who went to the black hat agencies all around the
globe have pissed off Yahweh! He said seek ye first the Kingdom of Yahweh and he will add all of everything
you need! But you have no faith in God though you see the universe still stands and He created everything
over 6000 years ago! He has kept us awake to hear him speak to us. He will continue to snatch away your
sleep! You are being trained in endurance Japheth's lines are wolves they wear out their prey. You must
keep up with him. Father's not coming for the righteous but the wicked. He's going to destroy all the weeds
and crabgrass then use me to spread-out on his land. The black hat government of the USA showed my son
what not to do. Antoine is a man after my own heart, and he will do all my pleasure, yes! I will be magnified
by him in speech and deeds you'll see. I made him after me the real God Yahweh who visited Pharoah in
Mosche's time. Your leader Michael the arch angel leads you down a terrible and dark path all because he
pitied you. He turned aside for you over the Sovereign and Almighty Lord and Emperor Yahweh. He will be
of importance again because he let his feelings for what he thought was righteousness over mine, saith
Yahweh. Disagreeing with me because you are tired of hearing what I have to say, therefore my left hand is
stretched out against the inhabitants, saith Yahweh. As Father was at his chalkboard instructing me in His
law, He stirred me up and he showed me I was the only one receiving his teachings. It was just Father and I
and He was angry because He was speaking and there were not more of us, yet He continued teaching. I
went out telling the people who I met all over the Midwest what Yahweh was telling me. None of them
cleaved to me, a few thanked me, and I tried to bring you all to the school of Yahweh, but you rejected mecreating an issue with me and my Father. I didn't drag you in because of Americas wicked laws you rejected
me saith Yahweh. You did this to my father because of your resent towards me! But listen, I went to the
empires in BCE because the money wasn't circulating fairly so I killed them and filled the world with
adequate wages! The Assyrians who do not care about the small they have lives too thought their small like
the ants. All the creatures work for God; even the animals, they surveillance the Land for Yahweh. He knows
what's happening because He sees through us. His spirit is inside all of us who walk in His light! You roam in
my kingdom looking for treasures. Yes! You come to deforest my wilderness driving away the animals I gave
shelter to a haven of rest. I'm serving you in your manner. I'm coming to pluck up America and all her allies,
all the black hat organizations screaming democracy, saith the Sovereign and Almighty Lord and Emperor
Yahweh. I tried to get through to you. Yahweh is absolute there are no other Kingdoms that rule over the
earth and above all Heaven. I swore to my father when He showed me his person, he was sitting on his seat
alone and there was nobody else beside him. I kept trying to get to him. I would lean towards him and an
invisible shield blocked me. I tried three times because I had much to tell him, so he pointed with his left
finger to my right how to gain access to him and he let me in, and I rejoiced! I assure you there is nobody
else ruling beside the creator, no one. I'm not his partner; I'm not his instructor or teacher. However, I am
his son, and I don't want to be involve in how he governs the universe. It's too high for me! You never
understood your place and you tried to assist Yahweh, but your methods go against what he taught me;
you’re brutal, so I want to brutally beat you to death! I'm on one accord with my father Yahweh. I'm doing
this to get my brothers on one accord with Yahweh because we about to fight you with our bare hands; we
going to fight! I am the Great King Cyrus, the living sole heir of the four corners of the earth my father
Yahweh promised me His earth I will do everything He told me to and exceed all others in doing so.
You Greeks tried to use what Father gave me in BCE, however you don’t understand it. I'm not a genius as
you say I'm wise, knowledgeable and I understand the Laws of the Sovereign and Almighty Lord and
Emperor Yahweh. I'm his true son. I didn't rehearse his righteousness because I was born righteous, I'm his
seed! All I know how to do is obey Yahweh because I was born to do that, to lean on Him and rely on Him
which is what children do with their Father. Don’t think it is strange because I asked Father what he wants
me to wear, how to cut my hair, and what to do with the resources He gives me. I don't free think nor lean
on my own understanding. I start going into my father's law inquiring Him for insight. I don't speak my own
words or the words of the wicked. I don't listen to wickedness, and I don't watch a lot of tv, I listen to
reggae all day and night, because they are the only ones declaring Yahliness though they call him Jah. My
name is Yahweh so call me Yah not Jah, saith the Sovereign and Almighty Lord and Emperor Yahweh. You
ripped apart the creatures my Father made just to know their inward secrets. Though my Father made
them from dust and designed our insides and outward appearance what you saw doesn't show how he did
it so I'm going to explain. My Father is the true architect. He saw himself making all things before He spoke
all beings into His existence. After he saw us in his mind, he began speaking and commanding what He saw
with His understanding and knowledge to make be.
He has no teacher; He has no need to hear our thoughts or our opinions and all He said was rejoice and be
glad in it. I don't sit and rehearse or train myself in false acts. I don't have time for circulating untrue
nonsense. When Father said, “Do not bear false witness,” He meant it. You showed me why he said it. I just
obeyed my Father and spoke the truth of him. I'm feeling better getting this off my chest. Now I can move
on because I have told you his truth. No man or woman taught me these things. My Father instructs me in
all things He considers I need to know. I didn't ask Father to teach me the porn industry, whore law or
falsehood. He just showed me your deeds, and I gained insight into what is going on around me because of
what He showed me and told me face to face. He showed me the errors in Christianity Ceasar Bogi'spretending to be Yahshua who you foolishly call Jesus! The Jews are black not white! I send a black witness
from my camp saith Yahweh. You judge him up and down with anger and fury towards him in your heart!
Saying who does this nigger think he is talking to me in the manner he is? So, the black witness of Yahweh
beats the hell out of the white guy. You worthless freebooting ass calls the illegal cops to arrest him so you
can sue him just like the stud who said I killed a man like Cain. I shall be blessed 7-fold because he hurt me.
Your prayers won't ascend to heaven, nor will the ground give you her bounty. You are sowing your seed in
vain. There is no hope for you, only death and destruction.
The bible clearly shows what and what not to do, but you still didn't believe despite my Father showing you
his self. He dragged you to your seat and said open my law and read them. You go to the black hat health
providers that prescribes you some synthetic medicine to quite Yahweh's voice, so Yahweh drives you
further out of your mind, You go back to the doctor saying the voice is getting louder help me! God in
heaven rule the earth! I been giving you all in the earth sound council, but you took me for a false witness
saying things none of the prophets said. You don't want to listen to me despite the fact Yahweh made me
His earth's leader and witness saying you are my witness and that I do exist. You see me now tell these
worthless freebooting illegals my name and all about me saith Yahweh. So, I went up and down the
employer list witnessing to the workers, owners and management, but I was at the lowest position and my
words were like bullshit to them, so I left them because they wanted me to organize their production and
show them how to scale the workers. However, I don't want to teach the workers, I want the workers to read
the bible and mediate on the things of GOD! You took what I said and made and corrupted it saith Yahweh.
That is why I hate Idolatry; it is not what I prescribed. You hate my way engineering seeds that don't have
their seed within it, so I must keep buying from you! I hate that you worker of iniquity saith Yahweh!
America and her allies are not my government saith the Sovereign and Almighty Lord and Emperor Yahweh
and no other. I never said Yaphett come before me so I can impart my trues in you nor did I command his
sons and daughters, but they coveted what I gave my son which was a breach of my law I said, I repeat I
said, do not covet!
I would of never broke Father's law when I walked according to my flesh if I was taught the edicts of
Yahweh as a child, so it is with all these little ones. You teach your fathers ways and impart obeying you
instead of Yahweh. As long as my Father's creatures serve your pleasures all is well. However, none of us
want to serve you! You go to and from killing and stealing perfectly running regimes just to make American
whites stronger than all other people. You're conceited, you and your whorish daughters! They implement
their commandments. Yes, told my daughters to kick their husbands out, sleep around and we will give you
all you need to take care of yourself, so she follows his script. She rereads it daily, yes; she mediates on
your words and your words encourage her pursuits of wickedness. She goes out dressed up for duty, she
has no time clock, nor does she report to anyone. She is branded by the black hat governments around my
earth they taught how to walk and what questions to ask you. Yeah, she asks you about your financial
strength, assets and possessions. Men, she is prequalifying you for her robbery. Yes, she puts on the dress
your father and mother bought her and gave you. She looks so stunning everyone is smiling and happy. All
the hypocrites gather around uttering their untrue oh she vowed before me, and you are her witnesses. So,
explain to me why she leaves her husband and the black hat government rewards her for her deception?
She lied to me Yahweh, her husband and all the witnesses that were gather.
I hear the cries of my children who pay half of the money I GAVE THEM TO SUSTAIN WHAT I CAUSED TOGROW. I caused his seed I put in your womb to grow and brought the child to delivery perfectly and
showed you to your face. Yet you appropriate what I freely gave you as if you need to be rewarded for
having my children saith Yahweh. Greed, lust, lasciviousness, coveting and lying are all the things I hate
that you do saith Yahweh no other. There is no hope for you America and all your allies whoever joined
league with you is going to experience your fate! My children will know for a certain why I said, “do not put
your hand with the wicked!” And never walked away from what I say ever again. When I speak, I expect the
demand that my word accomplishes and my purposes, no others I am the true God of this universe. I am
known by Yahweh the sole ruler of the four corners of the universe. I measure out every man's way, no man
can crossover what I gave him not even an eighth of an inch you won't go forward. I rule and control all
things, and I've had it with you wrestling my left hand. I seek out to destroy not one but many. I will
consume all who attempt to resist me! Father is shutting every black hat organization down because he
didn't tell you to set out and do it. You did it of your own self because of your coveting nature, the need to
feed yourself led you and to execute the teachings of whore law. Listen Father said he will not give the
earth over to whoredom forever! He meant everything He said and says He means it and requires it be
done by all people of His earth! There is one ruler, one creator, one God, and his name is the Sovereign and
Almighty Lord and Emperor Yahweh no other. You lightly esteemed the bible yet made whore law your
instructor.
They go out there selling your products you engineer in your madhouses what you call laboratories.
You do so because my seeds refused to grow and because I refuse to bless you so as the homosexual you
are you forced your seeds to produce no matter what saith Yahweh. But I reproved you and showed the
whole world why not to buy American products that I have blacklisted you from. No more credit is coming,
and none shall deliver you from my hands! That is why I killed the fake kings who rose up and killed my
people during Hezekiah's time as ruler of the earth. My sons knew not to allow you to build your black hat
organizations on my land. I blacklisted you way back then yet still you pursue your falsehood! Therefore,
since you trust in your ways and your knowledge and bodily exercise, I shall show you why I have spoken
the words I command to be followed. You shall run and not get away; you shall fight yet run out of breath
though you ran long distances for stamina and on hand energy all that bodily exercise profits little and is a
complete waste of time saith Yahweh. No weaponed formed against me shall prosper. Your guns, your
bombs, your ships shall be swallowed whole by the earth! In fact, I shall destroy you with my earth. You'll
see and witness God’s strength Yahweh style. I shall increase the beast against you. They shall be mad and
ready to fight! All of them shall come bowing down to my son and saying surely the spirit of Yahweh is
within my son watch and see. Then shall I send him out destroying all he sees. Those he knows are wicked
who setup falsehood and iniquity on my land I shall send them angry, and I the Lord will fight against you
through him you'll see!
I'm the sole heir of the four corners of the earth. My Father bestowed the works of his hand to me because
he knows I will enforce all his laws and commandments even the ones you don't know. I know my Father, I
see Him always and He talks to me continually. You tried to shove your medicine down my throat to silence
Him. God cannot be silenced. He said his law was hitting him upside his head and he must act angrily
against you. Don't lend any more money to America, cut them off! I'm raging against them. They shall go
out naked and those that are left of them shall be run into danger on the path back to Greece and I'm
waiting for those who make it to Greece so I can teach them why I did all this to them myself. Trump is
finished. He knew I wanted child support, welfare, alimony, and all the tenets of whore burned and all hermembers. I want all these false temples organizations burned down. Burn the dead presidents and their
lucre money. I'm sick of their images circulating around on my lands. I don't ever want to hear about
America and her whorish allies. They shall all die watch and see! The roman catholic church, the Baptist,
the Episcopalian, the Lutheran, Jehovah witnesses and all you other hypocrites who sold my words for
lucre shall be destroyed. Bishops, all of you are headed towards destruction. I showed my laws and who I
am and still you called me Jesus despite me showing you the Romans made that lie! Now that I've cleared
up the controversy, go back to the four books of Yahshua and read through them and you'll see God
already told you this during the days of Yahshua and chiefly Peter's walk on the earth. Saul had
understanding issues, yea you worship him above the creator, so Yahweh lowered Paul. All his work with
you gentiles was a waste and he knew it. Because he hid and didn't understand the law as he professed, he
did. So, confusion surfaces everywhere with every leader giving his interpretation of law and not the spirit
of Yahweh giving them utterance. They are speaking from their thoughts, their understanding, and their
logic which conflicts with Yahweh's will and what He's saying. I asked Father in 2006 “why do you want me
to do this? There's preachers', teachers and all sorts of men and women in dress clothes making noise!” He
just told me he doesn't want you and I explained to Him I couldn't do all this work because I was already
busted trying to solve my financial problems that He put me in.
I didn't promote myself and say what I thought. I dug into what my Father was telling me. I was curious
about it because it made no sense. It was the first time he had told me anything like what I was teaching. I
discovered the people are just doing the basic and using AI to complete the works Yahweh gave them. You
all just copied and paste my words. You didn't investigate it because you were preoccupied with getting
lucre by your idols and support your black hat buddies.
Every man and woman who killed a man or woman I want destroyed. I spoke real clearly saying the man
who raises his hand to kill another man shall be killed by me. I told Noah this after I told him to get off my
ark. I placed the ark over turkey as a sign of all I said I did. I've shown you the sign, you comprehended that
no man put it up there, yet you still walked contrary to me. The men and women who believe in same sex
adventures see the diseases I poured all over them for their wickedness. Yet they pursue Jesus to heal
them yes, they go to all Jesus disciples the doctors are seeking a new cure for their diseases. The false
messiah's Jesus disciples steal money from my people who have no need for their medicine by going to the
black hat government, the so-called law makers to craft a bill, a law forcing to clean my people to pay for
their treatment. I send my son in, and he tells you every word I said, and you reject my council and keep
making money for research. I developed HIV and Aids. There will never be a known cure for these diseases,
saith Yahweh! I want the research to stop. I don't need you recording what I do, it's done I did it. I send in
my whirlwind to tear down your castles and businesses. I decide what and what I don't want on my land
saith Yahweh. Sitting there thinking and thinking how to stop this and reverse it! There's no way to do that,
Yahweh said, whatever He speaks does not return to Him void but it shall accomplish His purposes